remove MFA as a requirement (#57)
openid/ipsie: ipsie-levels.md

| IPSIE<br>LEVEL|   Application (aka RP)                                                 |  Identity Service                                                                                             |
|---------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | SL1           |   - MUST meet NIST 800-63-4 FAL2 compliance <br>- Session lifetime MUST be set from the assertion | - MUST meet NIST 800-63-4 FAL2 Compliance <br> - MUST enforce phishing resistance (such as MFA, or passkeys) and communicate an authentication class to the Application |

Author: ```suggestion
| SL1           |   - MUST meet NIST 800-63-4 FAL2 compliance <br>- Session lifetime MUST be set from the assertion | - MUST meet NIST 800-63-4 FAL2 Compliance <br> - MUST enforce a higher class of authentication than Single-Factor Authentication (SFA), such as MFA or passkeys, and communicate the authentication class used, to the Application |
```

Author: Attempt to address @dhs-BI comment.
